Data Scientist / Senior Data Scientist, India - BCG X 
Gurgaon, Haryana, India · Reposted 2 weeks ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


Full-time

Apply

Save
Save Data Scientist / Senior Data Scientist, India - BCG X  at BCG X
Data Scientist / Senior Data Scientist, India - BCG X
BCG X · Gurgaon, Haryana, India

Apply

Save
Save Data Scientist / Senior Data Scientist, India - BCG X  at BCG X
Show more options
Your profile is missing required qualifications

Show match details

BETA

Is this information helpful?



Get personalized tips to stand out to hirers
Find jobs where you’re a top applicant and tailor your resume with the help of AI.

Try Premium for ₹0
People you can reach out to
Rishit profile photo
Rishit profile photo
Rishit Aakash 
Rishit Aakash is verified 
· 3rd
Data Analyst | BOSTON CONSULTING GROUP (BCG)
School alum from DIT UNIVERSITY

Message
About the job
Locations: Mumbai | Gurgaon

Who We Are

We are BCG X. Our global team of 3,000 tech experts are united by a drive to make a difference. Working across industries and disciplines, we go beyond what was once thought possible, creating new and innovative solutions to the world’s most complex problems. BCG X provides a unique ecosystem for talent to build game-changing businesses, products, and services from the ground up, all while growing their career. Together, we strive to create solutions that will positively impact the lives of millions.

We Are BCG X

We’re a diverse team of more than 3,000 tech experts united by a drive to make a difference. Working across industries and disciplines, we combine our experience and expertise to tackle the biggest challenges faced by society today. We go beyond what was once thought possible, creating new and innovative solutions to the world’s most complex problems. Leveraging BCG’s global network and partnerships with leading organizations, BCG X provides a stable ecosystem for talent to build game-changing businesses, products, and services from the ground up, all while growing their career. Together, we strive to create solutions that will positively impact the lives of millions.

What You'll Do

As a Data Scientist at BCG, you will collaborate on challenging projects to increasing your understanding of complex business problems from diverse perspectives and developing new skills and experience to help you at every stage of your career. You will use data and advanced analytics to uncover innovative insights that create lasting impact for BCG and its clients.

Key Competencies

Applying advanced analytics and AI/ML techniques to solve complex business problems and create value for BCG clients. 
Conceptualizing business problems and drive frameworks. 
Managing engagements, client relationships, and display initiative to effectively drive solutions to client problems. 
Communicating effectively and professionally with clients, delivering impactful solutions and presenting insights coherently. 
Collaborating to work in cross-functional teams with diverse backgrounds and perspectives 

What You'll Bring

A master’s degree or PhD in computer science, data science, mathematics, statistics, engineering, or a related field 
2+ years of relevant work experience in data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, or big data 
Proficiency in Python, R, SQL, and other programming languages and tools for data analysis and machine learning 
Experience in designing, developing, and deploying scalable and robust data products using cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud 
Experience in using machine learning techniques such as regression, classification, clustering, natural language processing, computer vision, etc. 
Familiarity with industry-specific skills such as retail analytics, healthcare analytics, financial analytics, etc. 

#BCGXjob

Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under national, provincial, or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws.

BCG is an E - Verify Employer. Click here  for more information on E-Verify.



